Add release notes for ML.NET 0.9 (#2061)
dotnet/machinelearning: docs/release-notes/0.9/release-0.9.md

# ML.NET 0.9 Release Notes

> Welcome to 2019! For the past 9 months we have been working on adding features and improving [ML.NET](https://aka.ms/mlnet). In the remaining releases before we reach 1.0, we are focusing more on the overall stability of the package. To acheive that we will continue to work on refining the API, increasing test coverage and improving documentation. 0.9 release packs multiple fixes as well as significant clean up to the internal code of the package.

Reviewer: just some reduction in wording:
For the past 9 months **we have added features and improved upon ml.net**(...). In the remaining release..., **we will focus on** the overall stability of the package. **We will continue to refine the API, increase test coverage and improve documentation.**

If you keep the original wording, acheive needs to be achieve.

> Welcome to 2019! For the past 9 months we have been working on adding features and improving [ML.NET](https://aka.ms/mlnet). In the remaining releases before we reach 1.0, we are focusing more on the overall stability of the package. To acheive that we will continue to work on refining the API, increasing test coverage and improving documentation. 0.9 release packs multiple fixes as well as significant clean up to the internal code of the package.

Reviewer 2: If original narrative, fix typo, from "acheive" to "achieve"

> Welcome to 2019! For the past 9 months we have been working on adding features and improving [ML.NET](https://aka.ms/mlnet). In the remaining releases before we reach 1.0, we are focusing more on the overall stability of the package. To acheive that we will continue to work on refining the API, increasing test coverage and improving documentation. 0.9 release packs multiple fixes as well as significant clean up to the internal code of the package.

Reviewer 3: Saying we're at 0.9, then mentioning 1.0, I think the normal reader will assume 1.0 comes right after 0.9.

Also, `acheive ` should be `achieve`.

```suggestion
Welcome to 2019! For the past 9 months we have been working on adding features and improving [ML.NET](https://aka.ms/mlnet). In the remaining releases before we reach 1.0, we are focusing more on the overall stability of the package. To achieve that we will continue to work on refining the API, in the forthcoming 0.10, 0.11, and 0.12 releases, to increase the test coverage and improving the documentation. The 0.9 release packs multiple fixes as well as significant clean up to the internal code of the package.
```

### Installation

ML.NET supports Windows, MacOS, and Linux. See [supported OS versions of .NET
Core
2.0](https://github.com/dotnet/core/blob/master/release-notes/2.0/2.0-supported-os.md)
for more details.

You can install ML.NET NuGet from the CLI using:
```
dotnet add package Microsoft.ML
```

From package manager:
```
Install-Package Microsoft.ML
```

### Release Notes

Below are a few of the highlights from this release. There are many other improvements in the API.

> * Added Feature Contribution Calculation

Reviewer 4: , which computes feature contributions in addition to the overall prediction when models are evaluated.
